[DOC] Updated README.md to reference query tool output examples (#234)
neurobagel/query-tool: README.md

- Dataset-level results TSV contains: dataset id, dataset name, dataset portal uri, number of matching subjects, and available imaging modalities
- Participant-level results TSV contains: dataset id, subject id, age, sex, diagnosis, assessment, session id, session file path, number of sessions, and imaging modality

The output files can be joined using `DatasetID` as key.

> You can refer to [this](https://neurobagel.org/query_tool/#downloading-query-results) part of the neurobagel documentation to see what the outputs of the query tool look like. You can also download the example output files [here](https://github.com/neurobagel/neurobagel_examples/tree/main/query-tool-results).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to [the neurobagel documentation](https://neurobagel.org/query_tool/#downloading-query-results) to see what the outputs of the query tool look like and how they are structured. You can also download the raw example output files [here](https://github.com/neurobagel/neurobagel_examples/tree/main/query-tool-results).
```
